---
title: Contributor Meeting Oct '18
date: 2018-10-23
---

On the **28th of October at 5pm UTC** we will have a remote meetup via mumble, together
with Benjamin and other contributors. We will talk about, what sdaps will be in
the near future (for example, what could be implemented for a 2.0 release)
and on what we could focus on for bringing sdaps to the people, that need it.

If you have any topic you want to discuss, please add it to our
[**etherpad**](https://pad.kabi.tk/p/sdaps-telco-agenda ) and join us at the given
mumble server in the in the pad.

If you can't attend, please feel free to contact us in the IRC or explain your
topic highly detailed in the etherpad.
